[Music]
hello
welcome back to another video i hope you
are having a lovely week
welcome back to my kitchen as well i'm
so
happy to be back creating some new
recipes i haven't
baked or made anything yummy in a good
few weeks now so i'm super
excited for today's video which is going
to be making some high protein chewy
like protein cookies that are really
tasty
this morning i have spent my time trying
a few different recipes
like mixing up some ingredients to get
like the perfect cookie and
the last one i made earlier was so good
so i'm just gonna
recreate that for you and show you what
i use if you haven't already
liked this video i would really
appreciate it if you did the first thing
you want to do is preheat your oven to
180 degrees
i'm going to show you what ingredients
you need right now
so for this recipe all you are going to
need is first off
some cookies and cream whey protein you
could use vanilla as well
some plain flour or whatever alternative
you do prefer to use some nut butter of
choice i'm using this
peanut butter one some brown sugar
some baking powder some flavor essence
i'm using a butter biscuit flavor or
i would recommend vanilla some
unsweetened applesauce this is really a
game changer like consistency like it
really makes it nice and gooey
and then just some chocolate of choice
i'm just using this orange intense one
you can literally use any chocolate that
you've got in or that you prefer
what i love about this recipe is it's
just so quick and easy
and i really like having these little
cookies as like pre-workout dipping in
my coffee
i'm just going to take my mixing bowl
here and another thing i just love
anything that's just like a one bowl
filling together real quick kind of
thing is just
me all over that doesn't really make
sense but
you get what i mean so this recipe makes
eight cookies by the way
and you could also make like four xl
ones if you'd prefer to do that
so i'm starting with my cookies and
cream protein and i'm just using
my scales to measure out 60 grams
which is about two skins
and then 30 grams of this plain flour
[Music]
and then i'm using 45 grams of brown
sugar
you could replace this part with a
really ripe banana
but i've tested that earlier and i just
think it's a lot nicer with the sugar
and it's just
like i don't know it's the consistency
for me you get more of like a dough
where i always think the banana makes it
go a little bit runny
[Music]
half a teaspoon
of baking powder so just make sure to
mix the dry ingredients before thinking
about adding
um the wet and the crust
so i'm adding 100 grams of
peanut butter
and then just mixing this in
[Music]
so next up is the unsweetened apple
sauce i've only recently started using
this and it is just
so good in baking stuff so i'm using 60
[Music]
grams
i used to get another one of these uh
spatula things i seem to break all mine
so i probably need to get a good one
there so the last thing to add is just
the slave drops i'm literally gonna add
two
teaspoons of these
so the last thing is just to chop up
some chocolate or if you've got
drops that kind of thing i'm just using
20 grams chop this up and
add that in and just fold it in to the
dough
[Music]
now for the last little part just
actually
forming the little cookies i'm just
going to bring my hands with
some of this fry light spray and form
the cookies and then just flatten them
with my palms
[Music]
this is just so they don't get stuck
like it's so hard sometimes you can't
done this
[Music]
[Laughter]
so these are all ready to go in the oven
i don't think i've actually shown you
guys this hilarious
oven glove that mason got for my
birthday back in july
like look at a little face on the best
present ever so yeah i'm just gonna put
a timer on
for seven minutes so i've just brought
them out
the oven i'm just going to leave them to
cool for a few minutes
so here's the finished stack
of cookies so so nice
and i'll make sure i've put all the
macros on the screen
so those cookies officially didn't last
50 minutes in my house
so so good you could also freeze them as
well or like
just take them on the go with you
they're a really good little snack
and obviously for 150 calories like
absolutely insane 10 grams of protein
per cookie you can't go wrong
but yeah i really hope you enjoyed this
video let me know
what others you would like to see in the
next ones like whether it be
dessert lunch dinner anything like that
and if you haven't already i would love
you to stick around by
subscribing to my channel and i'll see
you guys in
the next video
[Music]
you